honorable the Chief Justice and the
associate justices the Supreme Court of
the United States
oyez oyez oyez all persons having
business before the Honorable the
Supreme Court of the United States are
admonished to give their attention the
court is now sitting at save United
States and this honorable Court will
hear argument this morning in case 1946
the United States Patent and Trademark
Office versus booking.com ms Ross mr.
Chief Justice and may it please the
court it is a fundamental principle of
trademark law but no party can obtain a
trademark for America term like wine
cotton for green as judge friendly
explained and as the Lanham Act confirms
a generic term is never entitled to
trademark protection no matter how much
money and effort the user has poured
into promoting the sale of a dictionary
and what success it has achieved in
securing public identification in other
words secondary meaning or acquired
distinctiveness is simply irrelevant to
generic certain that principle controls
here it is undisputed that booking is
generic for the hotel resident services
room and provide respondents most could
not federally register booking nor could
respondent sister booking company or
booking inks in Goodyear this Court held
that the New York of an entity
designation like company linked to an
unprotected AA firm do not create a
protectable month that is because those
terms indicate only the parties have
formed an association or partnership to
deal in the relevant good by prohibiting
a furniture from obtaining a trademark
and a phrase like booking Inc
Goodyear ensured that no party can
monopolize a generic term the same
should apply to booking.com
the addition of dot-com is the online
equivalent company or Inc it conveys
only that it provides its services via a
commercial website on the internet
there's a sound reason for respond and
behave a federally register was putting
commas a trademark when it couldn't
possibly
education would effectively give
responded Immokalee on the words
booking.com and would interfere with
competitors ability to use similar
domain names that's particularly
problematic because of how the internet
works only one entity can obtain the
contractual rights to a domain name at a
time to respondent already enjoys
significant competitive advantages the
brick-and-mortar equivalent some include
lakhs that same feature of the internet
also means the current survey evidence
is enough to obtain federal trademark
registration but nearly every year
except pom pom can do the same because
domain names are one-of-a-kind a
significant commercial public will
always understand a generic dot-com term
to refer to a specific business even if
it is not familiar with the particular
business edition counsel you mentioned
the good gearcase but you did not quote
the language from the trademark statute
that is at issue here that language says
that the primary significance of the
mark to the public shall be the test for
determining whether the market has
become generic now the Goodyear case had
a different test an absolute rule and it
seems to me that in trying to decide
what Congress had in mind it makes more
sense to follow the language that
Congress chose a statute rather than a
one hundred and thirty year old case of
honors there are mr. chief justice two
points on that the first is that the
Lanham Act actually preserves a
distinction between generic and
descriptors and so generic terms it
confirmed and this is birth in the
definitional provision and then again
Nishan are ten twenty five or ten fifty
two excuse me and ask confirmed nearest
terms are never susceptible to trademark
registration even when they acquire
secondary meaning and descriptive terms
nearly descriptive terms may require
much significance when they acquire
secondary meaning so I think it the
Lanham Act
starts sort of the underlying principle
of Goodyear and
in connection 1064 three specifically
the cancellation provision that you note
that's on page 11a of our appendix it
says the primary person to the
registered marks to the relevant club
record and purchased motivation shall
test determining whether the men
registered become the generic name of
goods orders I think it's significant
here that that provision was enacted in
1984 with audit has pointed to no Katie
knows first before its own brief so you
got it overturned revisionary it was
enacted in 1984 that's a lot closer to
today than the good year case which was
a hundred and thirty years ago so I
don't know why we would focus more on
the statutory language than that that
old old case but more more to the point
maybe that if this is a generic term
booking.com that it describes a category
of goods or services but when you talk
about other companies in that category
whether it's velocity Priceline or
whatever
nobody refers to those as as booking.com
booking.com is not a generic term to
describe that type of service so again a
few points on that I mr. justice the
first is that we agree in an ordinary
case one might use it some generic to
refer or to understand it how the
consumers generally refer to a class of
goods but I think it can also be used as
this Court's decision in Goodyear used
it for how a specific entity or and how
the public would understand a specific
term so for example in Goodyear
and the court held that Goodyear Inc
could not be or wine Inc for example
could be trademarked and that's true
even who nobody refers to a class of
wine incorporated the quantity thank you
Thank You counsel justice thomas yes
Roth the couple of questions
the could looking
acquire an 800 number four that's a
vanity number London 800 booking for
example that is similar to for 1-800
watt which is a registered so Justice
Thomas under the Federal Circuit's
decision yes it's those decisions I
think may are sort of debatable under
Goodyear and the principles that we
think control here but the Federal
Circuit are the PTO rather just
decisions because of the right of direct
appeal to the Federal Circuit from tto
decisions now I think it's significant
that so they're distinguishable in the
sense that the court problem with
booking.com is that it allows respondent
to monopolize booking on the internet
because of the fact that longer domain
names competitors like ebook ENCOM and
hotel booking comp can include booking
calm not as obviously true of something
like 1-800 well the that could be true
but the I'd like you to compare this to
Goodyear and Goodyear you had a generic
term but you also haven't added a term
such as company or Inc which any company
could use now with looking here there
could only one domain address com so
this would seem to be more analogous to
the money hundred numbers which are also
individualized